RULES
Red player stars. 
players must, if possible, move their checkers according to the number shown on each die.
For example, if the player rolls a 6 and a 3 (notated as "6-3"), the player must move one checker six points forward, and another or the same checker three
points forward. The same checker may be moved twice, as long as the two moves can be made separately and legally: six and then three, or three and then six.
If a player rolls two of the same number, called doubles, that player must play each die twice. 
For example, a roll of 5-5 allows the player to make up to four moves of five spaces each. On any roll, 
a player must move according to the numbers on both dice if it is at all possible to do so.
In the course of a move, a checker may land on any point that is unoccupied or is occupied by one or more of the player's own checkers. 
It may also land on a point occupied by exactly one opposing checker, or "blot". In this case, the blot has been "hit", and is placed in the middle of the board
on the bar that divides the two sides of the playing surface. A checker may never land on a point occupied by two or more opposing checkers;
thus, no point is ever occupied by checkers from both players simultaneously.There is no limit to the number of checkers that can occupy a point at any given time. 
In the course of a move, a checker may land on any point that is unoccupied or is occupied by one or more of the player's own checkers. 
It may also land on a point occupied by exactly one opposing checker, or "blot". In this case, the blot has been "hit", 
and is placed in the middle of the board on the bar that divides the two sides of the playing surface. 
A checker may never land on a point occupied by two or more opposing checkers; thus, no point is ever occupied by checkers from both players simultaneously.
There is no limit to the number of checkers that can occupy a point at any given time.
When all of a player's checkers are in that player's home board, that player may start removing them; 
this is called "bearing off". A roll of 1 may be used to bear off a checker from the 1-point, a 2 from the 2-point, and so on. However, a roll of 5 can be used to bear
off a checker from the 5,4,3,2,1-point.
The winner is the first player that has borne off all of their checkers.